include /path/to/other.conf
loadmodule /path/to/other_module.so
bind 127.0.0.1
protected-mode yes
port 6379
tcp-backlog 511
unixsocket /tmp/redis.sock
unixsocketperm 700
timeout 0
tcp-keepalive 300
daemonize no
supervised no
pidfile /var/run/redis_6379.pid
loglevel notice
logfile ""
syslog-enabled no
syslog-ident redis
syslog-facility local0
databases 16
always-show-logo yes
save 900 1
save 300 10
save 60 10000
stop-writes-on-bgsave-error yes
rdbcompression yes
rdbchecksum yes
dbfilename dump.rdb
dir ./
slaveof <masterip> <masterport>
masterauth <master-password>
slave-serve-stale-data yes
slave-read-only yes
repl-diskless-sync no
repl-diskless-sync-delay 5
repl-ping-slave-period 10
repl-timeout 60
repl-disable-tcp-nodelay no
repl-backlog-size 1mb
repl-backlog-ttl 3600
slave-priority 100
min-slaves-to-write 3
min-slaves-max-lag 10
slave-announce-ip 5.5.5.5
slave-announce-port 1234
requirepass foobared
rename-command CONFIG ""
maxclients 10000
maxmemory <bytes>
maxmemory-policy noeviction
maxmemory-samples 5
lazyfree-lazy-eviction no
lazyfree-lazy-expire no
lazyfree-lazy-server-del no
slave-lazy-flush no
appendonly no
appendfilename "appendonly.aof"
appendfsync everysec
no-appendfsync-on-rewrite no
auto-aof-rewrite-percentage 100
auto-aof-rewrite-min-size 64mb
aof-load-truncated yes
aof-use-rdb-preamble no
lua-time-limit 5000
cluster-config-file nodes-6379.conf
cluster-node-timeout 15000
cluster-slave-validity-factor 10
cluster-migration-barrier 1
cluster-require-full-coverage yes
cluster-slave-no-failover no
cluster-announce-ip 10.1.1.5
cluster-announce-port 6379
cluster-announce-bus-port 6380
slowlog-max-len 128
latency-monitor-threshold 0
notify-keyspace-events ""
hash-max-ziplist-entries 512
hash-max-ziplist-value 64
list-max-ziplist-size -2
list-compress-depth 0
set-max-intset-entries 512
zset-max-ziplist-entries 128
zset-max-ziplist-value 64
hll-sparse-max-bytes 3000
activerehashing yes
client-output-buffer-limit normal 0 0 0
client-output-buffer-limit slave 256mb 64mb 60
client-output-buffer-limit pubsub 32mb 8mb 60
client-query-buffer-limit 1gb
proto-max-bulk-len 512mb
hz 10
aof-rewrite-incremental-fsync yes
lfu-log-factor 10
lfu-decay-time 1
activedefrag yes
active-defrag-ignore-bytes 100mb
active-defrag-threshold-lower 10
active-defrag-threshold-upper 100
active-defrag-cycle-min 25
active-defrag-cycle-max 75
