include /path/to/local.conf
loadmodule /path/to/my_module.so
bind 127.0.0.1
port 6379
tcp-backlog 511
unixsocket /tmp/redis.sock
unixsocketperm 700
timeout 0
tcp-keepalive 300
tls-port 6379
tls-cert-file redis.crt 
tls-key-file redis.key
tls-dh-params-file redis.dh
tls-ca-cert-file ca.crt
tls-ca-cert-dir /etc/ssl/certs
tls-auth-clients no
tls-auth-clients optional
tls-replication yes
tls-cluster yes
tls-protocols "TLSv1.2 TLSv1.3"
tls-ciphers DEFAULT:!MEDIUM
tls-ciphersuites TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256
tls-prefer-server-ciphers yes
tls-session-caching no
tls-session-cache-size 5000
tls-session-cache-timeout 60
supervised no
pidfile /var/run/redis_6379.pid
loglevel notice
logfile ""
syslog-enabled no
syslog-ident redis
syslog-facility local0
databases 16
always-show-logo yes
save 900 1
save 300 10
save 60 10000
stop-writes-on-bgsave-error yes
rdbcompression yes
rdbchecksum yes
dbfilename dump.rdb
rdb-del-sync-files no
dir ./
replicaof <masterip> <masterport>
masterauth <master-password>
masteruser <username>
replica-serve-stale-data yes
replica-read-only yes
repl-diskless-sync no
repl-diskless-sync-delay 5
repl-diskless-load disabled
repl-ping-replica-period 10
repl-timeout 60
repl-disable-tcp-nodelay no
repl-backlog-size 1mb
repl-backlog-ttl 3600
replica-priority 100
min-replicas-to-write 3
min-replicas-max-lag 10
replica-announce-ip 5.5.5.5
replica-announce-port 1234
tracking-table-max-keys 1000000
acllog-max-len 128
aclfile /etc/redis/users.acl
requirepass foobared
maxclients 10000
maxmemory <bytes>
maxmemory-policy noeviction
maxmemory-samples 5
replica-ignore-maxmemory yes
active-expire-effort 1
lazyfree-lazy-eviction no
lazyfree-lazy-expire no
lazyfree-lazy-server-del no
replica-lazy-flush no
lazyfree-lazy-user-del no
io-threads 4
io-threads-do-reads no
oom-score-adj no
oom-score-adj-values 0 200 800
appendonly no
appendfilename "appendonly.aof"
appendfsync everysec
no-appendfsync-on-rewrite no
auto-aof-rewrite-percentage 100
auto-aof-rewrite-min-size 64mb
aof-load-truncated yes
aof-use-rdb-preamble yes
lua-time-limit 5000
cluster-enabled yes
cluster-config-file nodes-6379.conf
cluster-node-timeout 15000
cluster-replica-validity-factor 10
cluster-migration-barrier 1
cluster-require-full-coverage yes
cluster-replica-no-failover no
cluster-allow-reads-when-down no
cluster-announce-ip 10.1.1.5
cluster-announce-port 6379
cluster-announce-bus-port 6380
slowlog-max-len 128
latency-monitor-threshold 0
notify-keyspace-events ""
gopher-enabled no
hash-max-ziplist-entries 512
hash-max-ziplist-value 64
list-max-ziplist-size -2
list-compress-depth 0
set-max-intset-entries 512
zset-max-ziplist-entries 128
zset-max-ziplist-value 64
hll-sparse-max-bytes 3000
stream-node-max-bytes 4096
stream-node-max-entries 100
activerehashing yes
client-output-buffer-limit normal 0 0 0
client-output-buffer-limit replica 256mb 64mb 60
client-output-buffer-limit pubsub 32mb 8mb 60
client-query-buffer-limit 1gb
proto-max-bulk-len 512mb
hz 10
dynamic-hz yes
aof-rewrite-incremental-fsync yes
rdb-save-incremental-fsync yes
lfu-log-factor 10
lfu-decay-time 1
activedefrag no
active-defrag-ignore-bytes 100mb
active-defrag-threshold-lower 10
active-defrag-threshold-upper 100
active-defrag-cycle-min 1
active-defrag-cycle-max 25
active-defrag-max-scan-fields 1000
jemalloc-bg-thread yes
server_cpulist 0-7:2
bio_cpulist 1,3
aof_rewrite_cpulist 8-11
bgsave_cpulist 1,10-11
